---
date: 2024-01-10
title: "ClipPilot's Latest Update: New Sound Settings and UI Tweaks"
categories:
  - tutorial
  - "feature"
  - update
author_staff_member: andrew
---

# Elevating Your ClipPilot Experience: Intuitive UI Adjustments and Sound Toggle Feature

> **Important Update:** MacClipboard has been rebranded to ClipPilot, your enhanced clipboard management tool for macOS.

In our latest version of ClipPilot, we're excited to bring you a set of practical updates aimed at enhancing your day-to-day experience. Based on the valuable feedback from our user community, version 2.4 focuses on refining the user interface and introducing a new feature for sound control.

<video width="500" height="575" controls>

  <source src="/images/settings_update.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  UI update for ClipPilot.
</video>

## UI Improvements for Better Usability

We've moved the bookmark and settings buttons beside the search bar, reducing the amount of space used by the UI. The contact information has also been moved to the settings panel. With these updates you still have the same funcitonality but with a much smoother experience.

## Sound Control: Enable or Disable Clipboard Sounds

Listening to the requests from many of our users, we've added a simple yet useful feature in the settings panel: the ability to enable or disable the clipboard confirmation sound. This new setting provides you with more control over how you interact with ClipPilot, allowing you to tailor the experience to your work environment and preferences.

We hope you find these updates to be a positive improvement to your ClipPilot experience. Your feedback is invaluable to us, and we're committed to making ClipPilot better with each update. Give version 2.4 a try and let us know what you think!
